1) Create a new folder.

TC1: Program should throw error when given invalid pathname for directory.
TC2: Program should not create a new directory which is already existing. The program should continue using existing directory.
TC3: While copying directories the existing contents of destination directory should not be removed.
TC4: Error when path has special characters.
TC5: Error when nested directory crosses nest or maximum path length limits.
TC6: Error when directory name crosses max path length.

2) Create new file.

TC7: Error when filename has special characters.
TC8: Error when filename exceeds max path length.
TC9: Assuming program runs in windows, filenames should not be case sensitive.

3) Add contents to a file.

TC10: If we try to add nothing it should work.
TC11: Overwriting existing file contents should work.
TC12: Input contents can have special characters or can have any text as input.

4) Copy files.

TC13: Unit test that the contents are same say by checksumming the contents and matching it.
TC14: Copy should work between files with different paths.
TC15: Copy should work with files with symbolic paths.

5) Display file contents.

TC16: Verify that copied contents are same.

6) List folder contents.

TC17: Verify that all the folder contents are displayed including symbolic names.

7) Search for a file by name

TC18: Search should work with same name but different cases.
TC19: Error for search with file with special characters.
TC20: Appropriate Message when no file exists with the input file name.
TC21: Appropriate message when absolute path name is wrong. 

8) Search for a file by wildcard name of the file.

TC22: Wildcard searches should work. For example: Search input as man should display all files with names as - man.txt, man.jpeg, mango.txt etc.

9)  Copy directories or folder.

TC23: Verify that all the contents of source folder is copied into destination folder.
TC24: Verify that the source directory contents doesn't get deleted.
TC25: Verify that the existing destination directory contents remain and new contents from source folder appends to existing contents.
TC26: Verify that the existing files in destination folder with same name as files in source folder does not get overwritten.